# Payroll_managment-MySQL-PHP
Online Payroll System with Attendance Monitoring Project is created utilizing PHP as the programming language and MySQL as the database utilized. Numerous organizations direct their finance procedure in-house as undeniable finance divisions or entrepreneurs endeavoring to do it all alone. In any case, there are various favorable circumstances to changing to an online finance administration, including limiting mix-ups. Makes issuing pay slips to all employees every month and easy automated task.

The actual problem is to maintain different database for an organization whose main purpose is to issue pay-slips for their employees every month working in various departments of the organization, and maintain details of all the departments, employees with various grades, their designations and address details.
In the manual system it is difficult to maintain data and generating different reports according to requesting transaction. In the present system it is becoming difficult to issue pay-slip for all the employees every month by manually going through the various records of the organization. ie the manger have to go through all the records of the organization of various departments of the and find out the employee working in a particular department and go through his grade, and he have to check the employee leaves of that month, his earnings and his deductions for food, car loan and health insurance including his/her savings. So, to perform all these activities it is becoming difficult by the admin manager every month.
Hence in order to overcome these difficulties of the organization the present system is automated to perform all the activities of the organization using Payroll Management system.
